# 1.3

action.caret.go-up=Move cursor up
action.caret.go-down=Move cursor down
action.caret.go-left=Move cursor left
action.caret.go-right=Move cursor right

beat.insert-rest=Insert Rest Beat
beat.delete-note-or-rest=Delete Note or Rest

action.beat.general.insert-rest=Insert rest beat
action.beat.general.delete-note-or-rest=Delete note or rest

action.note.general.set-fret-number-0=Set fret number 0
action.note.general.set-fret-number-1=Set fret number 1
action.note.general.set-fret-number-2=Set fret number 2
action.note.general.set-fret-number-3=Set fret number 3
action.note.general.set-fret-number-4=Set fret number 4
action.note.general.set-fret-number-5=Set fret number 5
action.note.general.set-fret-number-6=Set fret number 6
action.note.general.set-fret-number-7=Set fret number 7
action.note.general.set-fret-number-8=Set fret number 8
action.note.general.set-fret-number-9=Set fret number 9


transport.count-down=Count Down
action.transport.count-down=Count Down


track.short-solo-mute=S-M
track.short-solo-mute.s=(S)
track.short-solo-mute.m=(M)
track.short-solo-mute.none=-

action.track.change-solo=Set track solo
action.track.change-mute=Set track mute

instruments.dialog-title=Instruments
instrument.percussion-channel=Percussion Channel
instrument.program=Program
instrument.bank=Bank



track.instrument.default-select-option=--- Select ---

export.all-tracks=Export all tracks

view.show-toolbars=Show Toolbars
view.show-instruments=Show Instruments



effects.let-ring=Let Ring

action.view.show-toolbars=Show Toolbars
action.view.show-instruments=Show Instruments
action.note.effect.change-let-ring=Add/Remove let ring

